In this file, I would like to explain you about the steps and process of our project.


Files contains in our project folder(A15PRO):
1. speechtranslator.py
2. pyttsx3-master
3. pyinstaller
4. trans
5. file.txt
6. images
7. build and dist are folders created in the process of application creation.


For Tesseract-ocr: 
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1NekYTOe8n5YD0KyYl5NZGEiam8QZ4FPp
Get tesseract-ocr package from the provided link and set the path as LocaldiskC:Programfiles:Tesseract-ocr
After setting up in local diskC, set it up as environment variable in path.

1.speechtranslator.py is the main python code. To run, command: python speechtranslator.py

2. pyttsx3-master:(Text-to-speech)
https://github.com/ethanaward/gtts 
Download all the files from the provided link and place it into your project folder.
After placing, open the folder, there open the command prompt at it's location and type command: python install setup.py
By this command, the pyttsx3 library is settedup.

3. pyinstaller:(creating an application from .py to .exe)
https://pypi.org/project/PyInstaller/
Download all the files from the provided link and place it into your project folder.
After placing, open the folder, there open the command prompt at it's location and type command: python install setup.py
By this command, the pyinstaller is settedup.

To Convert .py to .exe:
Command : pyinstaller filename.py
Example : pyinstaller speechtranslator.py

By this command the application is created. Automatically, build and dist folders are created through this process.
For Application:-> open dist->filename folder(speechtranslator)->speechtranslator.exe

4. trans:
These are supported files of python3.6 or above python3.6.

5. file.txt:
Whenever user uploaded an image and click on convert button to translate, the image preprocessed is done through tesseract-ocr and the charcater is recognised and the strings of the image are given into file named as file.txt
Where file.txt contains as: ???????
Because, the image uploaded with telugu word as ???????.

6. images:
This folder contains .jpeg and .png formats of telugu word images.

